.TH "Squirrel Shell" "1" "1.2.7" "Constantin Makshin" "System Shells"
.SH "NAME"
squirrelsh \- a cross\-platform system shell
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Squirrel Shell is a cross\-platform alternative to system shells like bash in *nix and cmd.exe (command.com) in Microsoft Windows. It is based on powerful general\-purpose scripting language "Squirrel".
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBsquirrelsh\fR [\fIoptions\fR] [\fIscript_file\fR] [\fIscript_arguments\fR]
.SH "COMMAND LINE OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Display help information.
.TP
\fB\-d, \-\-debug\fR
Enable debugging info for script compilation. (DEPRECATED)
.TP
\fB\-i, \-\-interactive\fR
Run shell in interactive mode. If script file is specified, it will be executed before entering this mode.
.TP
\fB\-s, \-\-silent\fR
Do not display error and warning messages
.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Display shell version number
.PD
.SH "FILES"
.LP
Actual location of the files depends on installation method. For installations from pre\-compiled distribution\-specific packages (RPM, DEB, etc.) they are located in /usr directory. Else parent directory is /usr/local.
.LP
In the following list installation directory is referred as \fIinstall_dir\fR.
.TP
/usr/bin/squirrelsh
Shell executable or symbolic link to it.
.TP
\fIinstall_dir\fR/doc/squirrelsh/squirrel3.pdf
Squirrel language reference manual.
.TP
\fIinstall_dir\fR/doc/squirrelsh/squirrelsh.pdf
Squirrel Shell user manual.
.SH "AUTHORS"
.TP
dinosaur\-rus@users.sourcefore.net
Constantin Makshin, author of Squirrel Shell.
.TP
http://www.ademichelis.com
Alberto Demichelis, author of Squirrel language.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
http://squirrelsh.sf.net \- official web site of Squirrel Shell.
.LP
http://www.squirrel\-lang.org \- home of Squirrel language.
.LP
http://www.pcre.org \- home of PCRE library.
